hello everyone and welcome to episode 17
of the padreon which I'm actually going
to release as a special public episode
um so it's not just for patrons this one
the next episode will go back to being
patreon exclusive but this one I
wanted to talk about something that I
thought I'm gonna get asked about it
anyway so I might as well kind of just
put it out there
um so if you're listening for the first
time this is my patreon exclusive
podcast the padreon my name is James
Nick is usually accompanying me but he
is at home visiting family right now so
you've only got me this time around but
I've got some thoughts
so this will be going out on Tuesday
October 4th
and this past weekend the movie Bros
from Universal Pictures was released in
theaters
very wide release it had 3300 screens
um across North America
so that would be Canada the US and
Mexico
um which people just call the American
Market or the domestic Market
um but it was sent out to a huge number
of screens and had a huge marketing
Blitz behind it TV commercials online
ads Billboards in every major city
across the US and Canada
and it only made 4.8 million dollars
which
is an issue
because I have not been able to track
down the budget of the movie
but as you know as I have talked about
in many videos the budget of a movie
in order to make back in order for a
movie to make a profit it needs to make
roughly twice the production budget and
that's being very generous because
that's not taking into account the
marketing budget and that's because
roughly I say this roughly because
Disney has kind of broken the rules on
this a theater will get about 50 percent
theaters will get about 50 percent of
the uh the gross
and the studio will get the other 50 and
then the studio will you know that will
cover their production costs their
post-production cost their marketing
that also needs to include back end for
actors which is when an actor when they
sign their contract they make a deal to
get paid a little bit of the gross or
the net
um that the movie brings in at the box
office
always better to
I think it's the gross yeah always
better to go for the gross because the
net is basically how much the movie made
after cost
and because of Hollywood accounting
which I could do a whole video on their
movies never make a profit
the Lord of the Rings
technically according to new line cinema
at the time lost money
each Lord of the Rings movie made about
a billion dollars so
you know that's just not true
um but back to Bros
4.8 million dollars
[Music]
um
not great at all it had a steady drop
across the weekend
um for Saturday it dropped 4.1 percent
which is not great usually percentage
um goes up box office percentage growth
goes up on Saturday
but you know it went down which isn't
horrible the bad thing is that on Sunday
it dropped 29.6 percent
which even though its Cinema score right
now I believe is an a cinema score which
if you don't know what Cinema score is
that is when
um there are people sent out to random
theaters across the United States who
when you see a movie they will ask you
what did you think of the movie
everyone says that they've never been
asked anything like that because most of
us haven't
um
these they go to the most random places
sometimes they'll go specifically to big
cities sometimes they'll go to you know
the Small Town Theater and somewhere in
the midwest
but most people have never been cornered
by Cinema score and asked what would you
rate this movie and the cinema cinema
score ratings go from a plus all the way
I think to D minus I don't think they go
to F I might be wrong but I don't think
they go to F at least I've never seen a
movie get rated f
um
but basically
any movie that gets an A in front of it
means that the audience is really really
liked it
um
and so a minus a A plus means you're
good you're probably gonna have good
legs at the box office I mean which
means you're going to last for a while
you're gonna keep going
and Bros got an A but made very little
money usually when a movie gets an a
cinema score what happens is over the
weekend
the box office numbers actually go up
whereas with Bros it went down which
says to me that it got it the audience
that was excited for Bros went to see it
right away
and then continued to drop off
throughout the weekend so that would
probably be white gay men
um
and some straight women I'm assuming I'm
not sure what the audience breakdown is
Box Office Mojo used to give that kind
of information they don't anymore unless
you sign up and pay them and I'm not
paying them for something they used to
give for free but
um I'm assuming you know white gay men
were the majority of the people who went
to see Bros opening weekend
uh it didn't get an international
release and at least not yet there have
been plenty of countries that have said
they're not going to show the movie
there's no shocker there you know
countries in Africa and the Middle East
and some in Eastern Europe things like
that they some countries in Asia have
said they're not going to show it
because in those countries it is illegal
to be gay or to at least act upon your
gayness
um
sometimes punishable by prison sentence
sometimes by Death and so that was no
shocker but it didn't doesn't have a
European release yet which I personally
found shocking
um
but Billy Eichner who produced the movie
co-wrote the movie stars in the movie uh
has already come out today and said that
the reason it didn't make that it didn't
do well at the box office is because
straight people didn't show up for the
movie
and
I would like to say to Mr Eichner
the
um the advertising campaign
was I think very focused on the gay
Market
um
the entire cast was made up of queer
people which is great
um
but you know they did a lot about
talking about how the entire cast was
made up of queer people and
they marketed the movie in the trailers
with lots of kind of gay in jokes
um
jokes about poppers and and the like
things like that things that straight
people probably wouldn't get
and they marketed it as a very very very
very very very very very very
gay movie
um so I don't know why they're surprised
that
straight audiences
didn't show up to it especially straight
male audiences it's not that shocking to
me
uh Billy Eichner is a very
contentious
personality within the queer Community
uh some people find him very annoying
um
I am kind of
I don't find him annoying I don't find
him Charming I'm kind of in the middle
I'm very like meh about him I was very
excited for the movie when the trailer
came out and everything because you know
the whole marketing campaign was about
how this is the first big budget
romantic comedy coming from a big Studio
it's made by Universal
um
and you know and so get excited because
this is the first romance gay romantic
comedy coming from a big Studio get
excited oh my God
and
I was excited
when the first trailers came out when it
was announced when it was announced I
was about I was a bit
um I had my trepidations about it
because
[Music]
um
I thought well this is just gonna be you
know like every other gay romantic
comedy except with a higher budget and
apparently
it's not just every other gay romantic
comedy with a higher budget but amped up
to 11. it kind of takes the gay in jokes
and just like
ramps them up
um which again
would be I think anyway it would make
straight people feel excluded now
the
question being you know okay so you've
made a movie
straight people felt excluded they
didn't go see it or
you know is it that straight people felt
excluded from the movie because of the
ad campaign
or
were they just not interested
or did gay people not feel
all that excited about the movie
because
I know a lot of gay people as you may
know
uh or as at least as you have probably
assumed and
lots and lots of gay people
were not excited for this movie for any
number of reasons a lot of people were
annoyed by Billy Eichner a lot of people
kind of looked at it as
uh kind of get oddly because we we
always talk about how we want you know
gay characters in movies to be played by
gaycare by gay actors Etc but because
this was all Queer an all Queer cast a
lot of people in the community felt like
it was kind of
ghettoizing because there were no
that's it seemed like Okay so this movie
straight people don't even want to be
involved in it
um
which you know whether that's
a legitimate criticism or just kind of
uh being in your own little gay world is
Up For Debate but so you know that the
question that I posed
uh is it because the Straits didn't go
because they felt excluded because they
just weren't interested or was it
because gays weren't interested and I
know that a lot of gay people were not
interested in Bros for any number of
reasons like I said annoyed by Billy
Eichner
a lot of people are annoyed that
it's just two white guys
um
you know who look like
80 percent of the white guys on Grindr
and so
you know okay if I want to spend two
hours with those people
I can just go to a gay bar I can just go
to a drag race party you know I will I
can find them very easily and
the fact that it is just
two white guys
when there's already been uh I forget
the movie's name now single all the way
I think is uh what it was called came
out on Netflix this past Christmas where
it's an interracial couple
and you've got Fire Island which has a
diverse cast and you know not a white
cast
you know and a predominantly Asian cast
which is incredibly rare
and then Billy Eichner gets out there
and starts talking about
how
this is revolutionary because this is
the first gay rom-com and things like
that and real really running with this
is the first gay movie
first gay rom-com from a major studio
and really running with a major Studio
thing which
that's when I stopped being excited for
the movie
because I
have seen a lot of
queer movies
um
starring straight actors queer actors
with you know queer writers and
directors straight writers and directors
I have seen a lot of queer movies
um
good and bad
and
just sort of ignoring them
uh writing them off as not being as
important because they didn't come from
one of the big used to be the big five
Studios but I think it's three now
um maybe four
felt very
uh
like privileged
um to me because
you know for so long
gay movies have had to be produced how
they could be produced which is being
produced by independent Studios but uh
an independent production companies and
uh completely independently produced
movies that are just
you know financed and produced by one
person and that's kind of just how queer
movies have had to be made for the
longest time and these are the queer
movies that
broke ground that revolutionized what
could be shown on film you know within
the United States all across Europe and
Asia like
two white guys falling in love in New
York City I think it takes place in New
York
uh
is not very revolutionary anymore
no matter what studio it comes from
and
that's the issue I think
this sort of we made a movie with the
big boys
we made a movie that because it was
green lit by Universal Pictures we've
made a gay movie
that has been approved by the Straits is
how it feels like and because it's been
approved by the Straits The Straits gave
us money to make this movie
you should support it
and
like that was already implicitly there
because it was a big deal that Universal
was financing this movie
um
but the other thing is
it's not even true
that
you know a gay romantic comedy
or you know gay romance even
that this is the first one that comes
from a major Studio because
you know love it or hate it love Simon
was produced by Fox
like five years ago
so it's not
even revolutionary in the way that it
thinks it was and they were really
playing up this whole like
how revolutionary it was that a major
Studio was producing
this movie and
it's just so it feels so blind because
they're you know you've got the obvious
ones you've got Brokeback Mountain and
you've got Moonlight and you've got the
bird cage and
um
other movies like that and you've got
innumerable independently produced
uh gay romantic comedies gay romances
gay tragedies gay you know not action
movies but you know basically gay movies
that run the gamut have been produced
independently and
so I feel like a lot of gay people kind
of
looked at the way the production team
was acting mostly Billy Eichner but it
wasn't just Billy Eichner and kind of
disregarding
all of these other
gay and queer movies that
you know
laid that yellow brick road for Bros to
get
a green light from Universal Pictures
and just
completely disregarding them and
pretending that they don't matter
that they don't exist that they're not
as important because they maybe were not
green lit by
the straight Studio
um that they were you know financed by
an independent Studio
independent studios are the reason we
have queer cinema at all
even Brokeback Mountain was financed by
an independent Studio
so
just just writing off all of these
movies
and you know it's funny the the other
love Simon came from Fox
just five years ago
and I guess that's not technically a
romantic comedy
but the other thing that
Billy Eichner doesn't seem to be taking
into consideration with his comments
about
uh how the movie didn't do well because
the Straits didn't show up
straights haven't been showing up for
straight romantic comedies either
like with minor exceptions like crazy
Rich Asians
romantic comedies haven't been doing
well
for about a decade
basically since Netflix started making
movies
romantic comedies haven't been doing
well because
you know going to a theater to a movie
theater it's not cheap you know tickets
can run anywhere from ten to twenty
dollars or more if you're in like a city
like New York
and so and then you've got the popcorn
and you've got you know travel and
parking and all that kind of stuff
and the you know the effort to get to
the movie theater if you have a car that
you might be in traffic if you don't
have a car then you got to get on buses
and stuff like that and so there's a lot
of effort to go to a movie theater these
days
uh it's not like you know the 70s where
everyone lived in a suburb and everyone
had a car and it was just you know a
nickel it wasn't a nickel but it was
cheap it was like 250. I remember just
going to
um movies when I was a kid and
the matinee pricing for people under 16
was 4.50
there are no movie tickets for four
dollars and fifty cents now matinee or
not
um and I mean that was only like 20
years ago
so you know going all the way back to
the 80s and the 70s and the 60s and
stuff like that like whole different
ball game but even just going back 20
years when romantic comedies were kind
of at their Zenith when you were getting
movies like Runaway Bride
um
movies that and my best friend's wedding
and things like that movies that did
incredibly well at that time it was way
cheaper to go to the movies and so now
that movies are so expensive
and going to theaters is kind of really
inconvenient
people audiences have really started to
say
is this
worth the effort
of going to a theater to see it
um
because
it's a lot of effort
and you know people will go to see
you know black panther when that comes
out they will go to see
um Spider-Man they will go to see
um
the
Tom Cruise
fighter jet movie oh my God I can't
believe I'm blanking on the name
um
[Music]
Top Gun uh top gun Maverick the new one
that came out this summer and made a
friggin Fortune
um they will go to see these movies and
they will go to see them
because they feel like they're getting
their money's worth because it is
spectacle you know it's just like when
TV came out and Hollywood really had to
rejigger what they were doing and so
they started making gigantic spectacles
they started making the greatest show on
Earth they started making Ben Hur and
the Ten Commandments and things like
that
in the robe
um and it was a while before the
before Hollywood got to settle down
where people were like
you know TV isn't giving me something
that even low budget or mid-range movies
can give me
which was
Quality quality writing quality acting
quality production quality
now you're in a really weird space where
you're even getting like Blockbuster
Lord of the Rings MCU style shows
on streaming and and like obviously
there's you know the rings of power and
uh House of the dragon and some of the
Marvel shows some of them are pretty
cheap some of them come across as pretty
cheap
um
but I think that Loki and Falcon and the
Winter Soldier did not come across as
cheap I'm I'm not a fan of
a huge fan of either of those shows but
they didn't come across as cheap
um
the whereas I think I think the Star
Wars shows come across as pretty cheap
but
um
and as you you get stranger things which
the special effects and everything from
stranger things rivals in my opinion
anything that's been on the big screen
in you know for as long as I can
remember
and you know you do have shows like the
rings of power which Amazon spent a
billion dollars on
and
you know how can a movie like Bros
compete
with those things because you can't even
say really the argument of well the
straights don't show up for gay content
because that's not even true because
Heart Stopper was a huge success
even
um
uh young Royals was a huge success and
that wasn't even in English like you had
to read subtitles for that it was still
a huge success
if you for First Blood you know there's
the big controversy about
First Blood being canceled and
everything because it was relatively uh
expensive show far more expensive than
Heart Stopper
um but
that the
uh First Blood didn't have a great
completion rate
on Netflix which is why it got canceled
but if First Blood was a movie
you know it would have people started it
you can only you know you can't well I
guess you can walk out of a movie
halfway through but you know you go to a
movie you usually watch the whole thing
and that's a ticket that is bought and
paid for
and so it's not that the audience
doesn't exist for this stuff it's that
with the gay like it's not just gay
people that made Heart Stopper huge and
it's not just gay people that made young
Royals huge I know more straight people
who have watched Heart Stopper and young
Royals then
then I do then I do gay people
um
and I think
and this is
and and so I I don't think it's that
straight people didn't show up
because straight people have been
showing up for queer content
when it's easily accessible which is on
streaming
um
single all the way did incredibly well
if it didn't Hallmark wouldn't have just
greenlit their first gay Christmas movie
which they did it's gonna be a gay
Hallmark Christmas movie this this
Christmas season
um
and so you know they saw the numbers
they they
said oh we want some of that and now
they're going to get some of that
because when it is accessible
people will watch queer content
whether it is
about
um
you know gay people lesbians trans
people
non-binary people they will watch it if
it's good and easily accessible
Netflix is kind of a messed up situation
because Netflix is canceling a lot of
shows that shouldn't be canceled right
now and I don't looking at the numbers
First Blood should not have been
canceled
like two years ago a year ago First
Blood wouldn't have been canceled it
would have been renewed
um
and to my knowledge the only reason that
Heart Stopper got renewed with Netflix's
crunch is that Heart Stopper has a uh an
outside Studio producing it it's not
Netflix dependent uh Netflix is mostly a
distributor for Heart Stopper
um and so it's not just that straight
people didn't go see it
it is a conflagration of things straight
people not going to see it not because
they're homophobic which
Billy Eichner accused straight audiences
of being homophobic for not going to see
his movie uh that's not a good look but
not because they're homophobic but
because theaters are expensive and kind
of a [ __ ] to get to and a lot of people
still aren't comfortable going to
theaters believe it or not there is
still a pandemic going on I have been
very choosy with which movies I have
gone to theaters to see I was going to
go see Bros in theaters I was going to
you know Brave the kovid but
I didn't
um and I've I've got four vaccinations
and I didn't go see Bros because of the
drama surrounding it
um
and so it's not because straight
audiences are homophobic
like I said it's a conflagration it's
theaters are expensive theaters in this
especially in the United States are
messy you have a bad experience in
theaters when you have people you know
in there on their phones and stuff like
that and talking to each other and the
ushers you know they don't want to get
into a fight with someone so they're not
going to go tell someone that they have
to put their phone away
um
I've actually never experienced that in
Canada but I hear that it's like
horrible in the U.S
um
so you know theaters are expensive and
messy the access isn't there
um
and I and you know he also pissed off a
lot of gay people
by basically
growing all of these queer movies
that have defined queer Cinema
some of which have actually helped to
Define Cinema like I'm not a huge fan of
Brokeback Mountain but Brokeback
Mountain
defined Cinema for a while like
romance movies that came after Brokeback
Mountain were all aping off of it
so like these movies have done that you
have and you have had huge successes in
the past like The Birdcage so it's not
like audiences are homophobic
I think
that
the whole
I I think so there's all of that
but I also think that it's a gay movie
wasn't a great way to sell
a movie
just like I think
it's a quote-unquote black movie
isn't a great way to sell a movie
um
if you look at movies recently that have
been uh and to use that as an example if
you look at movies recently that have
been just about the black experience and
especially in America
they don't do
terribly well
they don't get big releases they get
much smaller releases than Bros did in
fact
but when you have a movie like black
panther
which is you know very much about
black you know
the black experience but it's not the
America the African-American experience
um
it speaks to that but that's not the
Crux of the story
it does incredibly well
you know black panther had a lot of
white people going to see it
um
it was a huge four quadrant movie
and
I think that's the thing the marketing
it as the gay rom-com
was the problem
I think the rom-com thing is an issue
because people don't see rom-coms as
theater worthy anymore there's too many
of them too many of them on Netflix
sorry rom-coms are kind of dead in
theaters and I don't think they're gonna
come back uh unless they're huge they've
got like big budgets and stuff like that
like crazy Rich Asians and they're kind
of tourist tourism porn is kind of what
crazy Rich Asians was
um
but
there's
this sort of
I don't I don't know like it just
there's so many reasons for why this
movie didn't do well and for him to get
on social media and just chalk it all up
to well straight people are homophobic
and they didn't go see it
it's like well they're not gonna
definitely not gonna go see it now
friend
um
and you know it's
it's uh you know it's frustrating
because I wanted the movie to do well
but like I said the this is a gay movie
kind of selling it like this is a gay
movie
was a problem
because
when you look at the the queer things
that have been
very successful recently
things like Heart Stopper and things
like young Royals
they have
gay and queer couplings at their Center
but that's not what it's about it's not
about being queer it's about something
else and the characters are incidentally
queer you know young Royals is about
income inequality and think you know
things like that and and you know
um Family pressure and things like that
the main couple just happened to be two
guys
um
same thing with Heart Stopper Heart
Stopper has a gay couple and a lesbian
couple and a straight couple one of the
uh and one of the straight couple
happens to be trans
and
so it feels more open
because it's not about being gay Heart
Stopper isn't about being queer
heartstopper is about being a teenager
um
going through kind of the same things
mostly that straight teenagers go
through except you know putting an extra
layer of stress on there which creates
drama which is good for television
um
another sh and I think a good comparison
for Bros would actually be the recent
um
Queer as Folk reincarnation which has
recently been canceled after one season
and it was you know obviously it was
this is the gay show
um gay characters by the queer show gay
characters bisexual characters trans
characters non-binary characters
just you know running the gamut
um
[Music]
and
I don't think that show had any like
solid lesbians
interesting
um
but
that may have felt exclusionary to
straight audiences because
not even that there was no straight
characters but that it was all about the
queerness
the trauma of being queer the stress of
being queer how hard it is to be queer
oh my God life is terrible oh we're
being murdered that's Aids HIV etc etc
whereas Bros was very much
the
not even queer the gay romantic comedy
and
I feel like that makes it less
accessible
than something like young Royals
where
it's a show about teenagers with drama
it's kind of you know Swedish Gossip
Girl if you will where the main couple
just happens to be gay incidental
queerness
and I think
what we need to reckon with
is that
although a lot of us may want to see
I don't want to say militant
representation but very you know pointed
representation
of you know this is a queer thing
that incidental queerness
may actually be more accessible
to a wider audience
and for God's sake start casting people
of color Jesus like
you found the two whitest guys gay guys
in Hollywood
I'm like God damn it
um
yeah
it's just
it's it's I I'm disappointed that
with what has happened with Bros that
they that the box office wasn't there
the people didn't show up but at the
same time I'm kind of
disappointed with the I'm very
disappointed with the production team
with just how they sold it as you know
the first gay rom-com all that
um
so I'm kind of disappointed with the
whole situation
that
it was allowed to get there
and be that
disappointing
um especially because
from
critics and stuff let's
just quickly before I wrap up
um
have a look at
where it is on
Rotten Tomatoes
which I can't even find it on Rotten
Tomatoes that's
there we go
so yeah it's got 91 audience score on
Rotten Tomatoes and a 90 critic score
with 134 reviews
that says people enjoyed the movie
the people who went to see the movie
which again I can't find any information
on the demographics
were the people who went to see the
movie
a lot of
white gay men
and they're probably female friends
um
and you know there's also the issue of
it being rated R and you know it's
labeled here strong sexual content some
drug use and language throughout
maybe it shouldn't have been rated R
maybe you should have toned some stuff
down and the argument would be well then
it wouldn't be authentic
and if that's the movie you want to make
if that's this if that's the queer
population that you want to represent
that's fine awesome you know
code of many colors
but you have to realize that
when you put our rating on something
a huge section of the audience is
immediately removed from it
and like you really should have looked
at love Simon again
game movie recent game movie from a
major Studio
love Simon didn't do that great
um
let's just since I'm on a
typing kick
love Simon total made 66 million dollars
on a budget of 17 million so it made
profit which is good
um which is why love Victor ended up
becoming a thing
um
but they should have looked at that 66
million dollar worldwide gross okay so
it only had a 40 million dollar domestic
row so let's just work with the domestic
gross because Bros doesn't have an
international release yet
just a domestic gross of 40 million
dollars
and that was rated PG-13
you immediately need to take that 40
million dollars
and deduct from it because there is a
giant section of the audience that isn't
going to be able to go because they're
going to be too young to get into a
rated movie
or
you're going to be off-putting to a
section of the audience because you are
showing
what I have heard to be kind of uh
sort of
uh words aren't working
unrestrained queerness unrestrained
queer sexuality
which I'm all all in favor for it's one
of the reasons I loved the new Queer as
Folk and the original queers folks that
they were very unrestrained in the queer
sexuality
um
but you know if you're if you want to
make a ton of money at the box office
you need to take into account that
that's going to make a lot of people
uncomfortable
um
and not just straight people there are a
lot of gay people who don't like the
idea of
the idea the public image of gay people
being
you know fisting Queens uh people who do
poppers uh people who do you know other
sex drugs things like that and so you've
got straight people and gay people
foreign
your movie
so you've got Billy Eichner being kind
of a dick talking you know just
throwing other gay movies under the bus
you've got people not wanting to go to
theaters because of the pandemic you've
got people not wanting to go to theaters
because they're inconvenient you've got
people
uh
maybe being turned off
from the movie because it's very white
you've got people
[Music]
um maybe being turned off from the movie
because there's from the trailers there
weren't a whole hell of a lot of strong
female characters apparent
um
and
yeah you do and you've got that are
you've also got the R rating to contend
with you've also got the fact that it's
the beginning of October which isn't
exactly a huge box office month to begin
with you're releasing you know October
is spooky month and you release the
opposite a horror movie not smart
um you've also got the romantic comedies
in general have not been doing well find
me a straight romantic comedy other than
crazy Rich Asians that has done super
well recently
and so you've got this Confluence of
events and and and things that are
working against it
and then just coming out and saying it
didn't do well because straight people
are homophobic
not a great look
um
so yeah what did you guys think uh have
you seen Bros have you watched it did
you like it have you avoided it
um and if you have avoided it leave a
comment and let me know why you
specifically didn't want to see it and
also leave a comment letting me know if
you did see it and what you thought of
it
um because I'm not against seeing it you
know I'm probably gonna wait to stream
it or something like that just because
you know I am nervous about going to
theaters being asthmatic and covid still
being a thing
um
and having moved to a place where like
nobody wears masks anymore
um
yeah it makes me nervous
but yeah so this was a one-off public
padreon
um episode 18 will be going back to
private for patrons only so if you liked
this and you'd probably like it more
with an actual discussion between me and
Nick
um sign up for the patreon everybody
gets the Padre everybody gets the
podcast and we try to do them every week
and I think next week's episode I'm not
sure if Nick will be here so it will be
me
rambling on again so I hope you don't
mind
the ramblings
of my
my gay brain
so thank you guys so much for listening
and for everyone who's a patron thank
you so much
um we'll be going back to
the podcast just for you guys next week
and everyone who has listened and
checked this out
let me know what you think of the Bros
situation
in the comments below and hopefully if
you are able maybe I'll see you on the
patreon
all right have a great week guys I love
you all and
got a new video coming out this weekend
for spooky month
so look forward to that
have a great one